Exercises (#1)
esciencecenter-digital-skills/python-ecology-lesson: _episodes/03-index-slice-subset.md

>    ~~~
>    {: .language-python }
>

> >   Use the `isin` function to select records of `PB` with `PL` species
> >   in the "surveys" DataFrame. Derive the plot_ids of the plots that contain these species.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>   Use the `isin` function to select only records of `PB` or `PL` species
>   in the "surveys" DataFrame. Derive the plot_ids of the plots that contain these species.
```
